I really never expected that,
Since you can make money with me,
The recipe for this earth type was given to them,
Just continue and be there,
What is wrong with you two?
I said earth type has something to do with me.
I didn't say that I was the one who gave the soil formula.
King Yang, besides you, who else has this earthy formula?
You don't want to say that you are a thoughtful person, do you?
What's the matter, boss?
Since, the process itself recognizes,
And the mission country is outside,
It's better to declare him to answer me,
know, know, know, know,
know, know, know, know, know, know, know
You are the time when everyone pays tribute to our country
how do you explain
I just locked him up to report
Said it was in the eldest brother’s room
Found one
I came here with a secret letter from Chen Xucheng, the history of our country.
Yes, yes, no, I'll tell you
The recipe for this earth mine
That's Xu Chen
Where do you come from in Daxia?
Thank you very much for your contribution.